This ZenPack allows [JMX|http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Management_Extensions] [http://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/jmx/notifs/index.html|notifications] to be captured as Zenoss events.

See [http://wiki.zenoss.org/ZenPack:JMX_Connector|ZenPacks.zenoss.ZenJMX] for a ZenPack that allows polling of metrics from MBean attributes and operations.

== Usage ==

To collect JMX notifications you must edit ''$ZENHOME/etc/zenjmxnotificationlisterner.conf''. This file must be used to specify which JMX agents to connect to, and what notifications to collect. After modifying this file you must run ``zenjmxnotificationlistener restart`` for the changes to be affected.

Upon installing the ZenPack a default ``zenjmxnotificationlistener.conf`` will be created with the following contents.

<pre>
# Generic configuration
monitorName=localhost
heartbeatInterval=60
heartbeatTimeout=75
connectionRetryInterval=10

# Zenoss XML-RPC connection properties
# xmlRpcUrl is the zenhub url
xmlRpcUrl=http://localhost:8081/zport/dmd/ZenEventManager
xmlRpcUsername=admin
xmlRpcPassword=zenoss

# Each comma-delimited token in serverList must have at least a
# server.TOKEN.url= entry specified below.
#serverList=LOCAL_TOMCAT,LOCALHOST
serverList=LOCALHOST

# Properties where <TOKEN> matches one of the entries in the serverList property
# server.TOKEN.zenossDevice is REQUIRED
# server.TOKEN.url is REQUIRED
# server.TOKEN.scope is OPTIONAL and defaults to *:* or all notification mbeans
# server.TOKEN.username is OPTIONAL and defaults to null
# server.TOKEN.password is OPTIONAL and defaults to null
# server.TOKEN.attributeFilters is OPTIONAL, filter for attributes of interest


# example Definitions for a local Tomcat instance
#server.LOCAL_TOMCAT.zenossDevice=bixby
#server.LOCAL_TOMCAT.url=service:jmx:rmi:///jndi/rmi://10.204.210.40:11111/jmxrmi
#server.LOCAL_TOMCAT.scope=Catalina:type=RequestProcessor
#server.LOCAL_TOMCAT.attributeFilters=attribOne,attribTwo
#server.LOCAL_TOMCAT.username=zenjmxnl
#server.LOCAL_TOMCAT.password=GOAWAY!


server.LOCALHOST.zenossDevice=localhost
server.LOCALHOST.url=service:jmx:rmi:///jndi/rmi://localhost:54107/jmxrmi
</pre>

The ''scope'' and ''attributeFilters'' properties are optional, and can be used to restrict the notifications captured from a given server. MBeanServerNotification type notifications are ignored by default as they are noisy and unlikely to be useful.
